README-template.md, before:

# Put title of your app here

<!--- Replace <OWNER> with your Github Username and <REPOSITORY> with the name of your repository. -->
<!--- You can find both of these in the url bar when you open your repository in github. -->
![Workflow result](https://github.com/<OWNER>/<REPOSITORY>/workflows/Check/badge.svg)


## :scroll: Description
<!--- Describe your app in one or two sentences -->


## :bulb: Motivation and Context
<!--- Optionally point readers to interesting parts of your submission. -->
<!--- What are you especially proud of? -->


## :camera_flash: Screenshots
<!-- You can add more screenshots here if you like -->
<img src="/results/screenshot_1.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/screenshot_2.png" width="260">

## License
```
Copyright 2020 The Android Open Source Project

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

- Basic layout implemented - Created an initialize function to randomly initialize a bunch of puppies - Filled some details in the README-template.md

README-template.md, after:

# Put title of your app here

<!--- Replace <OWNER> with your Github Username and <REPOSITORY> with the name of your repository. -->
<!--- You can find both of these in the url bar when you open your repository in github. -->
![Workflow result](https://github.com/MaitreyaSave/JetpackComposeChallengeWeek1/workflows/Check/badge.svg)


## :scroll: Description
<!--- Describe your app in one or two sentences -->
This is a puppy adoption app. The user can click on any `puppy card` and more details of that puppy will be displayed.

## :bulb: Motivation and Context
<!--- Optionally point readers to interesting parts of your submission. -->
<!--- What are you especially proud of? -->


## :camera_flash: Screenshots
<!-- You can add more screenshots here if you like -->
<img src="/results/screenshot_1.png" width="260">&emsp;<img src="/results/screenshot_2.png" width="260">

## License
```
Copyright 2020 The Android Open Source Project

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
